[Music]
20-plus psychological tricks to read
people like an open book you've probably
wondered how convenient life would be if
you could read other people's minds some
people use their intuition for this but
if you're not so perceptive
there's only one choice left learning to
read people's body language we get over
a 55% of information through nonverbal
communication like facial expressions
gestures and other body movements
Brightside invites you to pay attention
to the signals that other people send
without even realizing it that way
you'll always have the upper hand in
conversations one closing their eyes if
a person is talking to you and closing
their eyes you should know that they're
trying to hide from the outside world
this doesn't mean that the person is
scared of you
most likely they've mentally clocked out
of the conversation with you and if they
close their eyes you disappear to
covering their mouth this is a leftover
from childhood
do you remember covering your mouth when
you didn't want to tell mom what
happened to that broken vase
well this habit follows us to adult life
to a few fingers upon or even a fist
near the mouth helps us hold back the
words we don't want to let out sometimes
this gesture is even disguised by fake
coughing
three chewing on their glasses
if you see someone chewing on the
earpieces of their glasses try having a
heart-to-heart with them and cheering
them up they're definitely
subconsciously worried about something
they're trying to feel safe like they
did when their mom was breastfeeding
them by the way a pencil pen cigarette
and even chewing gum in the mouth can
indicate the same thing for presenting
their face generally speaking this
gesture is used to attract people of the
opposite sex when we rest our chins on
our hands we're sort of presenting our
faces as if to say this is me enjoy as
much as you want man should remember
this gesture if they want to catch the
moment and compliment the lady at the
right time
five rubbing their chin this is what
people do when they're trying to make a
decision they might be looking down up
to the side or anywhere they don't even
know what they're looking at because
they're deep in thought so if you see
your friend doing this ask them what's
on their mind six crossed arms this is
one of the most popular gestures and
it's no wonder many people feel really
comfortable in this position because it
subconsciously shuts them off from
others we often use this gesture when
we're irritated by something crossed
arms are a clear sign that a person is
not feeling it today if you want to talk
to someone making an X with their arms
across their chest forget about it
seven fixing their posture when a woman
wants a man to notice her she tries to
present herself in the best way possible
she straightens her back to emphasize
her breasts and she may also cross her
legs hands together and hanging down are
a sign of attention and huge interest in
a person eight leaning forward when
people like someone and want to get to
know them they usually lean forward in
this position the legs might stay put
but the body intuitively moves forward
you can really notice this body movement
in a group of people a person
subconsciously leans in the direction of
the man or woman daylight so next time
you're at a party sit back or forward if
you've got your eye on someone and enjoy
the show 9 leaning back now let's look
at the opposite situation if someone
sits back in their chair they're showing
that they're tired of the conversation
and don't want to keep it going they
might feel uncomfortable in the presence
of the other person next time you're in
a restaurant see if you can spot people
who are not so into the conversation
they're having at the moment 10 swinging
from their heels to their toes that's
right
not only kids do it this shows that a
person feels anxious about something
however if a person doesn't swing back
and forth but bounces up and down on
their toes it might be a sign that
they're feeling confident if they look
happy and are smiling this guests a safe
bet
eleven rubbing their hands it's believed
that the hands broadcast what the head
is thinking rubbing the hands together
generally means that a person has a
positive feeling about something and
they're hopeful we do this when we're
thinking about some positive outcomes in
the near future a good gesture next time
you're in Vegas twelve the glove
handshake while you're shaking hands
with someone if that person takes your
wrist with the free hand they're showing
that they're trustworthy friendly and
honest this style of shaking hands is
popular among politicians but you should
remember that this handshake is often
perceived as an invasion of privacy only
people who are close to each other do it
genuinely so don't let the politicians
fool you thirteen a handshake with a
palm facing the floor versus facing the
ceiling a person holding out their hand
with the palm facing downward is
demonstrating their superiority and
power this knowledge can turn out useful
if you want to subtly show your boss
that you respect their dominance it's
okay
feed their ego if it means getting on
their good side at the same time if
you're holding someone's hand from below
you're telling them that you're ready to
help 14 cupping someone's hands during a
handshake if someone cups your hand
between both of theirs placing their
free palm on the back of your hand this
lets you know that they sympathize with
you but this is true only if a person
does it instantly however if you've been
shaking hands already and only then does
the other person put their hand
this may be a sign that they're telling
you who's in charge here 15 a handshake
with a touch people sometimes touch
others with their free hands they might
touch a forearm elbow 4 back this
invasion of your personal bubble means
that someone isn't getting enough
attention or communication from others
the closer the touch to the torso the
more the person needs company so what's
your handshaking style if it's one of
those we've just mentioned press the
like button by the way if you want to
learn how to make people agree with you
how to become a rock-paper-scissors
champion or how to make people take you
seriously check out the link to our
video at the top of the screen 16 fixing
their tie the meaning of this gesture
depends on the situation if a man does
this near an attractive woman it
probably means that he likes her however
this gesture may also indicate that a
person isn't feeling comfortable maybe
he has lied or just wants to get away
from wherever he is right now 17
collecting imaginary limb this is a so
called displacement gesture people often
use it to express that they disagree
with something but they don't want to
voice their disagreement in other words
they don't express their opinion clearly
but show it in a hidden way 18 putting
their feet on the desk this gesture can
mean a lot of things bad manners
disrespect trying to show who's boss or
even concern for one's health
however psychologists believe that even
if you feel comfortable in this position
you shouldn't sit like this anywhere but
at home
[Music]
nineteen mounting a chair like a horse a
chair is not a horse and even though
it's back sort of looks like a shield it
serves a different purpose
many people are irritated by others
sitting like this because they feel the
aggression intuitively this position is
popular among dominant people if you
don't want to seem weak keep standing
while they're riding their imaginary
horse twenty playing with their shoe
crossed legs are one of the most
attractive ways that women consent and
if a woman is playing with her shoe this
indicates that she's feeling calm and
relaxed it also means that she's trying
to draw your attention to her legs so
gentlemen this is your green light 21 I
contact the eyes are the windows to the
soul and a great helper of communication
you can read all of a person's thoughts
and feelings in their eyes lovers look
each other in the eye hoping to see
enlarged pupils in fact it's very easy
to notice because when someone is
attracted to another their pupils can be
up to 4 times bigger than their normal
state by the way if a person is angry
their eyes look beady because their
pupils get really small there are
different types of eye contact and each
of them can tell us a lot if we know how
to decode them avoiding eye contact
typically if a person won't look you in
the eye it means they're being dishonest
with you but it also may serve as a sign
of their discomfort thirdly people often
look to decide if they're doing mental
math or searching for the answer to a
difficult question unbroken staring on
the other hand if a person won't avert
their eyes from yours they're likely
trying to intimidate you and make you
feel uncomfortable or the person who's
keeping such persistent eye contact is
lying to you but they're aware of the
fact that breaking eye contact
lying so they're trying-- super hard not
to break it if they're overdoing it in
the process well can we really blame
them a lot of blinking a person blinks
on average from 6 to 10 times a minute
but if this number is higher there's a
good chance that they're attracted to
their conversation partner so it's a
sign of subconscious flirting Lala what
psychological approaches do you use to
read others share your secrets in the
comments below we won't tell anybody
scouts honor remember to appreciate this
video with the light if it can get
10,000 likes we'll tell you all about
the 10 newest methods of persuading
people if you want to stay informed and
in a good mood subscribe to our Channel
and you'll see what's waiting for you on
the bright side of life
[Music]